hey what's going on everybody today we
have just like home
McDonald's play food set of 37 pieces
this is kind of cool so you can see the
packaging here the shape just like an
ice cream sundae and what's really cool
about the packaging is is actually a
backpack it's got some straps which are
adjustable back here so you can strap
this on to your young one take wherever
you want to go and then even has a
handle up here so you can carry it along
and then right here has a zipper so you
can zip it back up put all the toys back
in there zip it up and then you're all
set to go
so anyway let's get this opened up and
take a closer now we got everything out
of the backpack check it out look at all
these different little toys and the
first thing I want to start with
hotcakes and sausage what's really cool
about this is that not only is it a
container with the hotcakes and sausage
sticker on top there you open it up and
inside you got the hot cakes with butter
look at that so you got three pancakes
there and you know it really bothers me
it says hotcakes and sausage but I don't
see any sausage so you get three pieces
here it's all hard plastic this is
actually kind of hard but what concerns
me just to point this out to the parents
out there is that the edge of this
particular toy here and notice it's
somewhat sharp and it says on the
package it reads ages 3 and up but be
mindful that you don't want your little
young one to get hurt by playing with
this because like I said if there is a
chance here just kind of sharp so there
you go hotcakes and sausage with well no
sauce next we have the chicken McNuggets
look at this it's kind of kooky see
Ronald McDonald there get ready to slam
a basketball in the basketball hoop
that's kind of neat so this is made of
cardboard and you open it up and inside
there are four McNuggets look at this so
they're both the same and a soft plastic
and two of them molded together like
that yeah but that's kind of cool picks
we have the condiments so down here we
have four different what would be little
pouches you know the little packets you
can get from McDonald's you have mustard
fancy ketchup not just regular ketchup
fancy catch and we get two of those and
then creamy Caesar salad dressing very
cool I like that and then down here we
have caramel dip for your nuggets and
then you can actually open this up if
you wanted I'll check this out let's see
if these fit inside and you might be
able to get these in there now too big
and then we have sweet and sour very
nice and that's going to opens up to wow
lots of fun to be
the set for sure and then here is
barbecue who doesn't like barbecue I
love barbecue so there you go the
condiments next up we have the Caesar
salad this kind of cool it's all plastic
a nice clear lid right there you can
actually take the salad out now you have
a nice plastic black bowl and in the
salad that's really neat you can see all
the different vegetables we have
cucumbers sliced cheddar cheese a soon
as cheddar because it's yellow and
possibly tomatoes or maybe beets I'm not
sure and then you have black olives and
any regular green salad yeah this is
kind of cool let's not forget about the
apple slices check it out so you got
three apple slices here all molded
together that's all hollow soft squishy
plastic yeah I love apple next we have
the small french fries look at this kind
of neat I like this so you have the
cardboard container to hold the fries
and then here's a whole stack of french
fries all molded one big piece all
squishy and soft and bendable yeah who
doesn't like McDonald's french fries now
come on up next we have the hamburger
stuff look at this so you got two buns
here got two tops two bottoms two
patties a tomato slice the tomato you
got some pickles here three pickles I
love pickles oh I love pickles and then
here is some lettuce look at that very
cool that's for your realistic if it's
can't eat it no we can't eat these yeah
a slice of cheese now come on
I love cheese too because it gave us a
couple more pieces cheese so what you
can do ears you can take and make a
couple of regular burgers lay the
patties down just like that and then you
could have just a plain old cheeseburger
and stack this on there just like so now
you got yourself a regular cheeseburger
and then over here you can take in any
order you want you lay a tomato down now
you can take and put your pickles on and
then you can lay your lettuce on top
just like this and they're kind of
falling all over the place it's all hard
plastic I think you put your bun top
right on just like that and now you have
yourself a giant vegetable meat burger
thing it's sliding all over the place I
stop we have the drinks we have little
jugs of milk check it out we got
chocolate milk here and regular milk
here low-fat milk if you will and you
can see rattle McDowell's
surphanaka it's kind of neat I like this
they're all hollow very light very hard
plastic they're not squishy or anything
and the caps are actually just molded in
so it doesn't open up so you can't put
anything in there but yeah these are
still kind of all astley we have
the desserts the best part of every meal
is the end when you get to eat the
cookies and cakes and desserts and
jell-o's whatever else and here we have
a box of cookies and inside you open
this up it's all cardboard open this up
and inside three little cookies now that
is cool and then down here we have baked
apple pie look at this very cool so we
open it up here and inside check it out
we got a little apple pie now that's
kind of nice that's really neat
and then last up we have the fruit and
yogurt parfait ooh
who doesn't like yogurt this looks like
it actually be kind of yummy you can see
the yoga girl or whatever she's
exercising or I don't know she's
meditating or something not sure either
way lots of fun do you have it everybody
just like homes McDonald's play food set
of 37 different pieces this is very cool
the kiddos will absolutely and totally
enjoy this now I picked this up from
Toys R Us online so if you're interested
I think it paid about 1213 dollars for
it very inexpensive lots of fun to be
had great for the imagination thanks for
watching everybody take care see you
next time